We can re use the reverse the sub list logic
and solve the problem in the reverse
sublist logic
We have to move to the start index and then
we need to reverse the linked list from start to
end here
We don't need to move to the start position
Head node is the starting point
So initially marked the head node as the current node
and make the previous node point to null
Now apply the linked list
Reverse logic to reverse K nodes
Before that we need to back up the required nodes
for later Connexion
As of now the previous pointer is first part
So Mark previous as first part last node and after
the reversal node 10 will be the last node of
reverse K list
So Mark ten as second part Last node now
reverse the first k nodes in this case
We have taken k as three so first three nodes
will be reversed
Now we need to make the required connexions like before
connect the first part
Last node with previous node If previous is null make
it head and then connect the second part
Last node with current
Now we have reversed the first K nodes
Now we need to do the same process for Next
K nodes
So again we need to mark the previous and current
nodes
The current node is already in the right place
We just need to adjust the previous node
Now the nodes 30 20 10 is Part one and nodes
40 50 60 part two
So the last node of the first part will be
node ten that is currently pointed by second node last
part wherever so make prev as second node last part
variable
So that's it the previous logic will automatically mark prev
as last node of the first part
And current node is the second part last node and
it will reverse the next K nodes and so on
So the logic is simple write the logic inside
The infinite loop First reverse the first K nodes
after the reversal prepared the previous and current node for
the next K nodes and that's it it will reverse
every K nodes of a linked list and finally break
the infinite loop when the Traversal reaches null.